I'm back in our application and I will of course use my firebase backend for authenticating since that
is the entire backend of this app.
The idea is always the same though, you have some server side logic to authenticate user, create users,
store users and create these tokens,
so that is something you might need to look up if you're building the frontend on your own,
how to create these tokens in your favorite server side language.
Firebase conveniently already offers us some rest API endpoints we can send requests to
to create users and also to get such tokens. You can simply search for firebase auth rest and you should
find this firebase auth rest
API documentation, it's an official firebase document or part of the firebase documentation and there,
you find some API endpoints you can send requests to to create new users, sign users in and do all kinds
of different things like verify an email address and so on.
Now we'll keep it simple here, we'll just sign user in and up and later then also do something else. For
that of course,
we also need to make sure that in our firebase project, we can authenticate. For that you should
go into your firebase console and in that console, you can go to authentication here on the left,
now before you can do anything, you need to enable authentication and you do this here by clicking on
set up sign in method. You get various sign in methods
but I want to use email and password where we really store the user data on our server,
well on the firebase server in this case but
in the firebase project. Simply click on that method and switch enable to true, hit save thereafter
and now you can use these API endpoints here,
so for example we can use the API endpoint for signing a user up with email and password.
Let's start with that in the next lecture.